**Why do you think Focus Bear was created?** I believe Focus Bear was created as a passion project by the team, aimed to solve an unmet desire of the ADHD/ASD community, the project was built by Mr. Jeremy Nagel as a way to fill the gap in the Productivity Assistance market for the sector of the ADHD/ASD community, as they've found that traditional productivity apps work best for Neurotypical people, but fall short when addressing Neurospicies' needs. 

**What problem is Focus Bear solving?** I believe the problem at hand is to combat the challenges in productivtiy that the ADHD/ASD community faces. Through the Focus Bear team's research and findings, the rate of diagnosis has significantly rises longitudianlly, Neurospicies' tends to operate 40% less productive than Neurotypical people, unemployment rate is 3x higher for Neurospicies, coupling with significantly higher rates of dropouts. Focus Bear aims to assist the ADHD/ASD community in this matter, through their app, assist in filling in the gaps of the user's day by implementing morning and evening habits, emphasizes productivity through distraction blocking, in an effort to provide structure in the user's lives.
**Why do you think this mission is important?** I believe that this mission/purpose is important to the team, as it holds sentimental personal values in addresssing the problems they face themselves, whilst addressing a big issue that affects a large portion of the population. 

**How does Focus Bear’s work align with your personal values or interests?** Yes, I find that Focus Bear's work align with my personal values or interests. I'm very much interested in learning how to correctly optimize my schedule. I also look forward to the project that I'll be working on at Focus Bear as a Social Media Strategist intern, working in this space has always been a goal for me. As a Gen-Z'er, social medias has always been a focal point in my life and I would love to make steps towards mastering it within this Internship opportunity.

**Do you personally relate to any of the challenges that Focus Bear aims to solve?** I find myself relating with many of the challenges Focus Bear aim to solve, as I personally find myself struggling with focus and productivity through most of my life. Being affected by distractions such as my smartphone has always been an issue for me, I've found it to be difficult to not procrastinate during the gaps within my day, and normally lose directions on what to do to ensure productivity. This issue has been longstanding and induces anxiety to my confidence and daily life - fearing not being on time, falling short with my peers or not being able to do the work correctly.
