**Competitors Analyzed** Tiimo, Cold Turkey, Todoist, Freedom.

**What makes Focus-Bear different?** I believe what makes Focus Bear different, is the approach to utilizing what works best between the pre-existing apps/services on the market and forming it into one package. Other apps focuses either on distraction blocking or task-managing/scheduling, Focus Bear understands how both of these factors have great impact in the ADHD/ASD user's lives and make sure their product address these 2 primary criterias.

**If you were a user, why would you choose Focus Bear over competitors?** As a potential user, I would choose Focus Bear over its competitors based on the facts that the app encourages establishing of structured and healthy habits/routines, as well as providing great tools to avoid heavy procrastination - Focus modes and different apps blocklists. This isn't observed to be universal across most productivity apps.

**What’s one feature that other apps have that Focus Bear doesn’t?** Through my research, I notice that Tiimo implements a AI co-planner that is very powerful in simplifying the process of scheduling routines/tasks catered to the user's specific needs. This specific features allowed the user to write out anything they needed done within the day, and the AI co-planner will design the suggested timeslot and structure for them.

**Based on your research, what’s one improvement you think Focus Bear could make?** After my research and familarizing myself with the Focus Bear app, as well as its' competitors. I would recommend the team to further optimise the UI and UX to increase the app's easibility and attractiveness, I've also found the option of viewing a calendar and the ability to make adjustments through a drag-and-drop interface increases the easibility and flexibility.
